QUESTION#1
Difference b/w Parallelism and Concurrency.

Parallelism:
In Parallelism,a task splits into smaller parts or subtasks which can be processed in parallel way i.e. on multiple CPU's at the same time.
It techniques to make program faster by working on various subtasks at the exact time but requires hardware with multiple processing units.
Actually, parallelism is about how an application handles a task. It may process the task sequentially from start to end, or split the task into
subtasks which can be completed in parallel.It follows the principle of "independability" because subtasks do not depend on each other's 
progress.It's purpose is to increase the computational speed by using multiple CPU's and executing the different tasks at the same time.
It involves several independent computing processing units which are parallelly operating and performing tasks in order to increase the
speed and improve throughput.

Concurrency:
Concurrency is not parallelism,it is the composition of independently executing process.In simple words,concurrency is when two or more tasks
can start,run and compile in overlapping time periods.It is not necessary that it has completely finish one task before it begins to next.
It doesn't necessarily mean they'll ever both be running at the same time(as in parallelism).It produces the illusion of parallelism but in
actual tasks are not parallelly processed.This technique is utilized for decreasing the response time of the system using single processing 
unit.Concurrency is obtained by "interleaving" operation of processes on the CPU through context switching where the control is swiftly 
switched between different threads of processes.That is the reason it look like parallel processing. For example multitasking on single core
machine.

QUESTION#2:
Ctrl+Z is used to send stop signal to foreground process.Find the stop signal which can be givn to kill coomand  to stop background process.

1- kill -SIGSTOP [PID]
   Used to stop the process.It cannot be handled,ignored or blocked.
   Signal No: 17,19,23
   
2- kill -SIGTSTP [PID]
   Interactive stop signal.It can be ignored.
   Signal No: 18,20,24
   
QUESTION#3
How to chanage the refresh time of "top" command.Change the default time to 10 sec.

-d (delay) command is used to specifies and change the time of delay in seconds among top updates.
For changing the default time of "top" command to 10 sec,
top -d 10
